[narrator] Previously on The Blacklist:
I used to believe in salvation.
-[silenced gunshot]
-[grunts]
Wait. Wait, no.
That good was rewarded...
[both grunting]
-[silenced gunshot]
-[Esi groans]
...and evil punished.
I don't believe in that anymore.
Not in this life.
I've opened up a new directive.
Like for Rostova, but double the bounty.
That won't be necessary. I'll be there.
With Keen.
Looking for me?
Drive!
[Aram] Put the gun down.
Not until
I get the answer I'm looking for!
No! He knows where Townsend is!
-[Cooper] We have her in custody.
-[Raymond] Bring her here.
-I'm the only one who can save her.
-Not today.
Elizabeth Keen is a criminal.
She will never be an agent again.
She will never be a civilian.
Her only hope for survival
exists in my world.
[dramatic classical music playing
over earbuds]
[door opens]
-[Blake] Mr. Townsend is sleeping.
-Keen is being moved.
-He can't be disturbed.
-I need to see him.
-We have people in position.
-He was very clear.
Keen is in FBI custody.
-So?
-So...
hitting a federal convoy is public.
Messy. I need to see him.
Hey. We work for a madman.
I'm separating the man's medication,
so I know better than anyone, he's insane.
-This is insane.
-Watch your words.
He's feeding off this.
Destroying himself and us.
The FBI raided us.
There are warrants for our arrest.
-You're out of line.
-What is this even about?
Elizabeth Keen has to die.
We should go out, shoot feds,
risk our lives for some lunatic?
What? What did you call Mr. Townsend?
I didn't mean it.
The man is avenging
the death of his wife and children.
We're the only family he has left.
So we will take care of him
the way he takes care of us.
Now, let me do my work.
And don't ever
disparage the good man again.
[pensive music playing]
Where are they?
The decoy convoy
is passing through the 7th Ward.
-Keen and Ressler?
-They held back.
Left just six minutes ago. Thank you.
Best guess is they are... 23 minutes out.
[Cooper] No interference?
[Aram] Uh, nothing yet.
Maybe Townsend isn't crazy enough
to hit an FBI convoy.
-You really believe that?
-I do not.
Just, uh, trying to stay optimistic here.
Why are you doing this?
You know what happens if you take me in.
I know what happens if I don't.
Townsend won't stop.
And I won't bury you, Keen.
I won't stand next to Agnes
crying at your funeral.
You think I'm safer in custody?
Townsend has people everywhere.
He can hit me from the inside.
-I won't last more than a few days.
-We'll see.
Even if you're right, what then?
It's over. I'll never be an agent again.
-I'm going to prison.
-You don't know that.
If Reddington can still walk around,
you can too.
The rules are different for Reddington.
What I've done, I can't undo.
Mary Bremmer's death.
The bomb in Reddington's hospital room.
Everything that happened in Kansas.
You're holding onto a reality
that doesn't exist.
Ressler, you have to accept it.
Things are never going back
to how they were.
[Raymond] I tried to convey this, Harold.
But once again
we find ourselves in a situation where,
when faced with... a unique,
complicated and volatile
set of circumstances,
you immediately punt
to bureaucratic protocol.
Elizabeth's coming in.
I'm not releasing her,
and I'm not turning her over to you.
Things have changed.
From the day I arrived,
my intent has been to keep Elizabeth safe.
To do that, I had to keep
certain facts about my life hidden.
Well, the truth is out.
-Whatever you're hiding, Townsend knows.
-Yes.
And because he knows,
his focus has shifted
away from me and onto Elizabeth.
Why?
To try to make me understand
how he suffered
the day his family was slaughtered.
So he wants to kill Elizabeth
to make you suffer?
Not just suffer, to understand.
He experienced something
too dark to comprehend.
To avenge what was done
to his family and to him...
he wants to...
feel that I've experienced
a similar darkness for myself.
-[classical music ends]
-[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[Cooper] Why tell me this now?
[Raymond] Because you can't protect her.
And you're about to find out
what you're up against.
Part of it is my fault.
I didn't stop you before you went too far.
-Ressler--
-The calls,
meeting you without telling Cooper...
And that night you showed up
at my apartment...
You weren't wrong for wanting to help.
But I didn't help, Liz.
I only made it worse.
I mean, I let how much I care about you
cloud my judgment.
This wasn't about your judgment.
I knew exactly what I was doing.
[pensive music playing]
Look, if Reddington
wants to keep his secrets...
that's fine. He can keep them all.
Except for the ones that are truths
about my life and my daughter's life.
Except the ones that explain
why psychotics like Townsend
wake up every morning
drooling about new ways
to murder me and my daughter
as payback for something he did.
Those he doesn't get to hide.
I'm telling you now,
I am so tired of the double standard.
-What double standard?
-You know.
Reddington can do whatever he wants,
and the task force
just takes it in stride.
We don't even know who he is.
Except for that he's a Russian spy
who murdered my adoptive father,
my mother,
is responsible
for the deaths of my husband,
-half-sister, grandfather--
-Nobody's okay with that.
You accept it.
Doesn't matter what he does.
It's okay. But me?
I fight back and I've gone too far.
Looks like we just got some backup.
[phone ringing]
Hey, uh, I'm monitoring your progress.
Everything okay?
So far so good.
No sign of Townsend,
and backup just got here.
Backup?
Okay, and what backup would that be?
Local. Two MPD units
just joined the convoy.
Okay. Negative.
I'm checking scanners,
but we specifically chose
not to ask for city reinforcement.
Those aren't cops.
Gun!
Shots fired. Officer down!
Get us out of here!
[horn blaring]
[high-pitched whine]
Where's Keen?
Last chance.
[Liz] Right behind you.
Hey. Ressler, you okay?
-I can't hear what you're saying.
-I can't breathe.
Oh, no. No, no, no.
We gotta go.
We cannot stay.
We gotta go. We gotta move.
Here.
[dramatic music playing]
-Tell me it's done.
-Almost.
Two of our men are dead,
but the convoy's down.
-She's on foot?
-In the Seventh Ward.
-Less than a minute ahead.
-I'm sending more men.
Lock the area down.
Clear every block until you find her.
And then?
If possible, bring her to me.
If not, kill her and anyone else
who stands in your way.
[man on radio] Reports indicating
shots fired. All units, officers down.
All units, officers down.
Witnesses on site
report multiple fatalities.
EMS and SWAT en route.
Excuse me. Convoy's down, sir.
-[Cooper] Down?
-[Aram] Attacked.
By two gunmen posing as Metro PD units.
They're saying three agents down,
two in the support vehicle
and the one driving Liz and Ressler.
-Aram, what about Elizabeth?
-She's unaccounted for.
So is Ressler.
A witness claims she saw a man and a woman
running from the scene.
They're on foot?
Where? What location?
[Aram] The convoy was hit moving southeast
on Central at Wilmont.
That won't be the end of it.
-Townsend will have more teams.
-We'll handle it.
-Area will be swarming with police.
-We're running out of time.
Look your way, I'll look mine.
[Ressler coughing]
I need your badge.
[groaning]
[sirens wailing in distance]
-[Cooper] What about the gunmen?
-Both dead. Found shot at the crash site.
I want you and Park on site.
Coordinate the bureau and Metro response
and find them before Townsend can.
[Liz] Take your coat off.
[Ressler groaning]
[high-pitched whine]
[dramatic music playing]
[grunting, groaning]
[Liz] I got you.
[glass shatters]
[gunshot]
Keen!
We have to keep moving.
Raymond, even if we can avoid
the police and Townsend's men...
Elizabeth won't be easy to find.
I agree. We're not looking for Elizabeth.
-We need to find Bino.
-Bino?
I think his real name
is Balthazar something.
Baker.
Anyway, he came up
as muscle with Moms Wimbley,
back when she went to war
with the Italians in the mid-'70s.
-An enforcer?
-One of the best.
Story was he had more hits than Babe Ruth.
People started calling him Bambino.
After a while, just Bino.
Nowadays, he runs a payday loan operation
in the Seventh Ward.
His people move at least half a million
in cash on those streets every week.
He's got eyes on every corner.
Locals on the payroll who move his money
right under the law's nose.
If Elizabeth and Donald are still alive,
he can find them.
He owns an underground chess club
in the Seventh Ward, The Castle.
Bino's a hell of a player,
way better than me,
maybe even better than you.
[Bino] You're still here?
Rashad, go home.
Take a shower.
Eat a sandwich.
[Raymond] Ah.
The latest victim.
Let me guess, the Greek Gift sacrifice.
First a shootout in the street.
Now you show up? Can't be a coincidence.
I need your help.
They're still in my ward,
you sure about that?
I'm not. I'm hoping.
You could make some calls, Bino.
Let your network know
that these are our friends.
Friends who are hunted by shooters,
not to mention the police and the feds.
-These people are important to me.
-My people are important to me.
They could be killed.
Or worse, arrested and interrogated.
Sit down.
-Call Aram.
-No.
It's not safe, you said it yourself.
Townsend's got eyes and ears everywhere.
We reach out, he'll know.
We have to risk it.
No, no. Keen, you should go.
You won't make it out carrying me around.
I am not leaving you.
You have to tell the police where you are.
I don't care if I get arrested,
as long as you get to a hospital.
Where are we?
[siren wailing]
[line ringing]
It's Ressler. We need help.
I'm with Keen.
We're on foot, but I've been shot.
-Townsend's men are closing in.
-We're at Danton and 56th.
We're at Danton and 56th.
Ressler's having a hard time breathing.
The bullet might have collapsed his lung.
[Raymond] Danton and 56th.
-Reddington?
-Elizabeth. Listen to me.
I have a way for Donald to get help
and to get both of you away from danger.
Decision time, Bino.
Help me and I'll help you.
Don't just focus on the move
in front of you,
look a few moves ahead.
There's a bar on Danton and 59th.
The Outpost.
If they can get there,
help will be waiting.
-Hear that?
-Yeah.
-Who's that?
-A friend.
The Outpost.
You're only three blocks away. Get moving.
Why?
Because, like it or not, he's our
best chance at getting out of here alive.
If you die, I'm gonna kill you.
You know that, right?
[man] Officer down! Officer down!
[suspenseful music playing]
[siren wailing]
There! One block east on Danton.
Circle up to 58th.
Go, go, go, cut them off!
Hello?
Reddington?
[gunfire]
[high-pitched whine]
This way. Quickly.
Quickly!
Watch your heads.
Find them!
[man] Clear.
It's all clear.
They didn't go out the back.
Door's bolted from the inside.
They were here.
So where the hell did they go?
This takes us
under the buildings going east.
-You work for Reddington?
-Honey, I don't know who that is.
You're in the pipeline
courtesy of Mr. Bino.
Whoever you are, you got powerful friends.
[police radio chatter]
Metro's got a dozen officers looking.
So far, no sign of either.
I just checked with Dispatch.
No sightings came in to 911.
Maybe they aren't running.
Maybe they were taken.
Hey! We got a report of gunfire.
Patrol heard the shots.
-Where?
-About eight blocks north on Danton.
A bar called The Outpost.
-They're here. Keep searching.
-We're out of time.
-Someone must have heard the shots.
-[siren wailing]
Sir, if we don't go now,
we're gonna have to fight our way out.
Fine, clear out.
-Take her to the safe house on Bowden.
-I don't have her.
I thought we did,
but it's almost like she disappeared.
Disappeared?
We have to clear this area.
Our location's blown.
Seems I made a mistake
entrusting this to you.
-No. Sir, I can find her.
-Apparently not.
Here you go, darlings. Far as I take you.
-Hey, Walter.
-[Walter] Delores.
Wanna tell me what's going on?
Don't know. Bino said snatch them up,
so I snatched them.
[Walter] All right, in you go.
This is how the pipeline works.
Whatever's traveling is called the baton.
Gets handed from one runner to the next.
We're the baton?
Normally, it's a brick of cash
half the size of Cleveland.
But if Bino says it's you, it's you.
He's hurt.
We need to get him to a hospital.
-Nobody said anything about a hospital.
-He's been shot.
He's having trouble breathing.
We don't know where you're going.
Only the last runner knows.
If you want a hospital,
let the cops get you.
Not an option.
Then get in.
Time's ticking, we got a handoff to make.
-[Cooper on phone] A gunfight?
-Shots fired into and out of the bar.
My guess is Liz and Ressler were inside.
Looks like Townsend's guys got in.
Nobody's here,
so we have to assume they were taken.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Hang on. I've got another call.
It's Reddington. Maybe he knows something.
I'm concerned. We tracked them to a bar,
but we can't be sure they made it out.
Not to worry, Harold.
They are in safe hands.
Thank God.
-How do you know?
-I arranged the pickup.
An associate of mine in the Seventh Ward.
-[Cooper] And he has them?
-[Raymond] I'm told they're in transit.
Donald's hurt, but holding on.
They're not out of the woods yet,
but we have reason to hope.
-Keen. If I don't make it--
-Stop.
Almost everyone I love is gone.
As it is, I'm barely hanging on.
I cannot lose you too.
So now you love me?
[chuckles]
And you waited until we're in the back
of a hearse to tell me?
Maybe you shouldn't speak.
Save your strength.
It's okay, Liz.
I know what you mean.
[groans]
I know how to do the math.
Just saying,
they make calculators for a reason.
Whoa.
Is he handing out money?
Hey, mister. Can I get one?
Depends. You want a job?
-What kind of job?
-That money's a finder's fee.
I'm looking for finders.
If you're any good,
there's a lot more where that came from.
-Who you trying to find?
-Big crash over on Central.
These two took off running.
They're hiding in the Ward.
-You could find them yourself.
-Maybe.
But I know how it goes around here.
People talk, but not to outsiders.
If you wanna find someone,
make arrangements with the locals.
No trouble, just information.
You know where they are, call the number.
Anybody has a problem,
tell them Mr. Townsend said it's okay.
[suspenseful music playing]
Anton. What's up, little man?
[cell phone rings]
Bino.
I'm hoping this is good news.
Neville Townsend,
that's who your people are running from?
-Does it matter?
-You're damn right and you know it.
If you had told me,
I would've never gotten involved.
-Well, that explains my reluctance.
-I don't believe this.
Do you know what Townsend will do to me
when he discovers
that I'm the one who helped you?
Hard to say.
Probably what I would've done
if you hadn't helped.
-This isn't a joke.
-I'm not laughing, Bino.
Townsend doesn't know,
so we have to keep it that way.
I'm out.
-You hear me? I'm out.
-It's too late.
You're in. They're in transit.
Deal's off. I'm turning them over.
-That would be a mistake.
-You should've told me.
Bottom line,
I'm more afraid of him than I am of you.
Don't do this. If you give them
to Townsend, he'll kill them.
Better them than me.
[suspenseful music playing]
We're here.
Head in
and take the staircase on the right.
That leads to a storage room.
Someone will take you from there.
Give me a hand, he needs help getting out.
Ressler.
He's unconscious.
Can you hear me? Open your eyes.
He's still breathing.
-The car keys.
-Hang on.
I do not care
where you were told to take us,
we are going to a hospital now,
understand?
FBI, Walter.
He's a federal agent.
If he dies, your life is finished.
Now, give me the keys.
-We can't go to a hospital.
-He's dying.
The nearest hospital's 30 blocks away.
He doesn't have that time.
-He won't make it.
-I have to try.
There's a place, but it's not a hospital.
There's a doctor, used to be a surgeon
before coming to America.
Bino keeps one on the payroll
in case one of his people gets hurt.
What happened to him?
Are you the surgeon?
This is where you operate?
-Who's this?
-[Walter] You don't wanna know.
Shot in the chest,
probably a collapsed lung.
Stabilize him
until an ambulance gets here.
[woman speaking in Chinese]
-[in English] Get them out of here.
-Please. Save him.
-Give that back.
-Won't let you call.
This place doesn't exist.
No cops or ambulances.
-He can't stay here.
-[Walter] Careful.
You don't wanna insult these good people.
[Raymond] Harold. Sad to say, things have
taken a nasty turn for the worse.
The associate I told you about
has reconsidered our arrangement.
What? I thought they were in transit.
I'm sure they are,
but Bino has changed the delivery address.
He found out that Elizabeth's
being hunted by Townsend,
and he intends
to give Townsend what he wants.
-You never told him?
-Of course not.
I was trying to motivate him.
-So now what?
-Now we rally, Harold.
Now we shock Mr. Bino and the rest of them
with our poise and ingenuity.
-And how do we do that?
-I have no idea.
Well, that's not entirely true.
I have one place to start.
That bar you mentioned,
is it still a crime scene?
No. Agents Mojtabai and Park
had it processed.
-They cleared out a while ago.
-Good. Stay by the phone.
If this works, you and the task force
will need to work quickly.
-Who are you?
-I'm the man you answer.
I'm the man you tell the truth.
Yeah, sure.
Let's start with your name. First is fine.
My name is Arthur.
I clean up, mostly.
Mop, take out the trash.
Okay, Arthur.
Two good friends of mine
were told to come in by a man named Bino.
-Know who I mean?
-Everybody knows Mr. Bino.
Yes. Bino told them to come in
so they could enter the pipeline.
You still with me?
Know what I'm talking about?
-The pipeline?
-So you don't?
Well, that's either true,
or you're playing games.
I love games.
In fact,
I'm playing one now with dominoes.
First I line them up,
then I knock the first one over.
It leads to another,
and then another, and another,
until the trail takes me
where I'm trying to go.
I don't know anything.
I should think not.
You're the first domino.
Problem is, I can't reach
the end of the trail unless you fall.
Leave him alone.
Look at that, Arthur.
The second domino has revealed itself.
I'm the one who helped your friends.
Sometimes the dominoes fall
without even pushing them.
["You're Somebody Else" playing]
♪ I saw the part of you ♪
♪ That only when you're older
You will see too ♪
He's stable for now.
But his lung is badly damaged.
I don't know if it can be saved.
Thank you.
Can I see him?
He's not awake.
Please.
♪ You held the balance of the time ♪
♪ That only blindly I could read you ♪
♪ But I could read you ♪
♪ It's like you told me ♪
Hey...
I'm here.
I've been thinking about what you said.
How everything I've done,
the choices I've made
are partly your fault.
You know that's crazy, right?
Aside from being sort of chauvinistic.
You now, Reddington, Tom...
for whatever reason, I live in a world
where people aren't who they seem to be.
♪ Pitch-black flesh and bone ♪
It's hard to know...
what or who to believe.
But you...
you've always been there.
♪ Well, you talk like yourself
No ♪
The real you, telling me the truth.
♪ Well, you look like yourself ♪
And I love you for that.
♪ Only it ain't on the surface ♪
There, I said it.
It wasn't in the back of a hearse,
but, hey, the back of
a Chinese restaurant's pretty good.
You're okay.
We'll make it out of here.
I promise.
[Bino] Sorry, Ms. Keen.
That's a promise
you won't be able to keep.
It's like the sewer system,
only with cash.
I like that. The sewer system with cash.
Bino's got spots all over the Ward.
You come in,
ask whoever runs the spot for a loan,
guaranteed against your paycheck,
which is coming but you don't have yet.
-And if you're approved?
-We give you the cash.
Or, if you're here to give back the loan
that we already gave you,
-we accept the money and flush it to Bino.
-Through the pipeline.
Bino's got pipes all through the Ward.
This is just one of them.
Bino called me,
said he was sending two people over,
that I should snatch them up
and send them through.
These pipes, where do they lead?
Bino's not stupid. The runners only know
the next step in the journey.
The next step, then. I need a name.
[Walter] Walter Stevens.
You found the right guy,
but I don't know anybody named Delores.
It's all right, Walter.
We're associates of Bino's.
I don't know who that is either.
-Are you in the right neighborhood?
-Listen, friend--
-I'm not your friend. I don't know you.
-Now's not the time to be brave.
It's the time to be smart.
If you two and this Mr. Bino
were really tight,
go ask him what you want to know
and leave me alone.
I'm out of time.
That's not your fault,
but I'm making it your problem.
Did you see the two people
I'm looking for? A yes or no will suffice.
Yeah.
You handed them off to another runner?
Again, yes or no will do fine.
No.
[suspenseful music playing]
Last chance.
-Tell him.
-I am telling him.
We never made the handoff.
By the time we got there,
that agent was out cold.
He'd been shot. Wasn't breathing right.
You didn't take him to a hospital.
If you did, we'd know.
It's not a hospital.
Not a real one, anyway.
I've got Agents Mojtabai and Park
standing by in the Seventh Ward.
Good. I've got a location.
Elizabeth and Donald were taken
to the Shanghai Palace,
a restaurant at Weston and Grand.
Dembe and I are headed there.
-A restaurant?
-I don't have good news, Harold.
Donald had to be taken
to an underground surgeon.
There wasn't enough time
to get him to a hospital.
-You don't know his condition?
-No.
-What about Elizabeth?
-I don't know. We're on our way.
Call an ambulance.
Tell Aram and Agent Park to hurry.
So you're what all the fuss is about.
Elizabeth Keen.
And you're Bino.
I'm confused.
Reddington said you were a friend.
Reddington has no friends.
Your people are helping us.
Only because Reddington
withheld the truth.
He never told me
you were running from Neville Townsend.
-Take her back to The Castle.
-Townsend doesn't know you're helping me.
[Bino] You don't know that. He may.
Which is why my best option
is to turn you over and apologize.
No, no, no. Wait. Listen.
We're in the same boat, Bino.
Your life is at risk because
Reddington withheld information.
Believe me, I understand that
more than anybody on this planet.
-Take her.
-Townsend doesn't even care about me.
He only wants me dead
to get back at Reddington
for something he did a long time ago.
-What?
-I don't know. What I do know is...
if you wanna make peace with Townsend,
you're not gonna do it
by turning me over to him.
You're gonna do it by killing Reddington.
Let me guess,
you'd like to help me do that?
Bino, I can't think
of anything I'd like more.
Put her in the car.
No. No! No, Ressler!
You. That man never wakes up. Hmm?
Whatever you did,
undo it and get rid of him.
[dramatic music playing]
FBI! Show me your hands! Hands!
-[Aram] No! Stop!
-[Park] Hands!
Stop! No.
Put it down.
She's not here.
Ressler, don't try to move.
Help is on the way, okay?
Castle.
What's he saying?
Keen, the castle.
[Park] Hey, here! Over here.
He's not breathing properly.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hello?
-Elizabeth. Is she there?
No, uh, but Agent Ressler's here.
He's injured, but EMTs are on-site.
-No word on Elizabeth?
-We don't know where she is.
But Ressler said something about a castle.
Does that mean anything?
I'll look into it.
Tell Donald to stay in the light.
I'll call you when we know more.
The Castle.
Bino took Elizabeth back to his club.
[Townsend on phone]
You did the right thing by calling.
I hope you'll accept my apology.
Reddington intentionally misled me.
I would never intervene
if I'd known you were involved.
-And you have Keen?
-With me now.
-Your people are in the Ward?
-So am I.
I'm handling this personally.
Even better.
I have a small club.
I'll send you the address.
Keen will be waiting.
And, uh, Mr. Townsend...
I really do appreciate your understanding,
this was all an unfortunate mistake.
Hello?
["Solitude" playing]
[Cooper] Castle. What does that mean?
We don't know. A place?
Maybe some kind of safehouse.
If that's where Bino took Keen,
we need to find it fast.
He's gonna kill me
for something I had nothing to do with.
That doesn't bother you?
You sound surprised.
You own a chess club. You like the game.
I'm a pawn and you're serving me up
for the slaughter.
It's a gambit.
You know that term?
It's when a player sacrifices a piece
in order to gain a positional advantage
later in the match.
A calculated risk.
And what advantage
are you hoping to get, exactly?
Are you kidding?
We're talking about Neville Townsend,
the one man powerful enough
to make Raymond Reddington think twice.
Look around.
I may be small-time, but that doesn't mean
I don't have big-time aspirations.
A man like Neville Townsend
snaps his fingers and my life changes.
Or it ends completely.
Like I said, a calculated risk.
But all things considered,
I like my chances.
You don't know him. I do.
Apparently,
you're really important to him.
So important that he came
to take care of you in person.
Seems to me that he'd be very grateful
to a guy like me for making it easy.
-That's not how he thinks.
-[knocking on door]
-He must've gone around the back.
-He'll kill us both.
We'll soon find out. Open it.
I have to say, I'm finding it hard
to resist a chess pun in this moment.
If you can't say checkmate
at a time like this...
Checkmate.
Drop your gun.
♪ I've not stopped crying... ♪
Elizabeth, I'm certainly not
looking for a thank you,
but this does seem uncalled for.
Why? Because you saved me?
From a man I didn't know
who wanted to kill me because of you?
-I can't take it anymore.
-You're not wrong.
I understand your anger.
They're all dead because of you.
Tom, Esi, Jennifer, my mother...
[Dembe] Elizabeth, please.
We have to go. Put the gun down.
[Raymond] Yes. They're all dead.
I tried to tell you
that this is what would happen.
Everything I've been afraid of,
everything I came
into your life to prevent.
It's happening.
Secrets I've been keeping
because to tell them
would mean dangerous people
like Townsend would stop at nothing
to kill you and your daughter.
And now some of those secrets are out,
and they are coming.
I'm sorry.
I've tried so hard for so long
to protect you from all of this.
I've failed.
♪ Memories I have... ♪
[cars approaching]
♪ Of you ♪
Raymond, we're out of time.
We have a car nearby.
They're coming, front and back.
That doesn't sound good
under any circumstances.
[pounding on door]
[dramatic music playing]